Characters:
Licia
Knight (To be named)
NPC1: Guard on ground, unable to move due to injuries from Knight
NPC2: New guard, first day on the job
NPC3: Another Knight who failed at rescuing Licia

Opening Cutscene
<Knight> enters Princess Chamber
Cage raises
Knight: Princess Licia, I've come to rescue you from this tower!
Licia: Well, it's about time SOMEONE came. Who are you with? The Royal Army? 
Knight: No, Princess. I have come from a faraway land of my own accord, to have the beutiful maiden's hand in marriage.
Licia: Marriage? MARRIAGE? You do realize that we're going to have to fight our way out of this tower?
Knight: That should be no problem at all! I fought my way up here for you, I can fight my way out!
Licia: For ME, huh!? I am royalty! How dare you speak to me thusly. On whose divine authority do I owe you anything, sir knight? 
Knight: Well, isn't that how it goes? The Knight climbs the tower. The Knight rescues the Princess. They escape and get married.
Licia: Are you serious? You really expect me to just walk off with you, don't you? Well, come here and let me see the face of my BRAVE savior. 
Knight: But of course! 
<Licia> walks towards <Knight>, knocks him out, takes his stuff
Licia: Marriage, pah! This second rate baffoon couldn't hope to conquer a shetland pony, much less my kingdom.
<Licia> pauses, game HUD pops up.
Licia: Enough of this drudgery. I'm out of this place.

Level 1: Tower
Boss Room:
Licia: Time to escape before they find out what happened. I just need to keep moving to the west.

Tower Descent:
Licia: Great... Stairs.

If Player talks to NPC1:
NPC1: He was... too powerful...

If Player talks to NPC2:
NPC2: First day on the job! They said the new guards should be towards the top of the tower today, because they're trying something new. Who are you, the captain?


Castle Foyer:
Licia: Oh, WONDERFUL, the Drawbridge is closed. I'll need to find a way to get out of here.



Level 2: Underground/Dungeon
Stairs away from Foyer room:
Licia: Hopefully they won't check down here. How heavily guarded would the underground be anyways?

Dungeon:
Licia: Great, the dungeon. Maybe I'll see some other jerks that would have tried to marry me.

If Player talks to NPC3:
NPC3: Oh, Princess Licia, is that you? I, Sir Reginald was captured trying to rescue you! If you let me out of here, we can escape together and get married!
Licia: ...

Room With Lava:
Licia: It's so hot in here... I need to keep moving.

Underneath the Moat:
Licia: Almost out of here, I really need some fresh air.

Entryway with Ladder:
Licia: I can feel a breeze! FINALLY!


Level 3: Field
Castle Entrance/Moat Area:
Licia: I'm almost free. This should be easy enough.
Guard: There she is! Get her!
Licia: ...Great. Just Great.

Long Jump Room:
Licia: This armor is really heavy! Must... keep... going...

Room with Weaker enemies:
Licia: Did I lose them?

Introductory Room:
Licia: Yes! It's all flat fields from here! I can certainly outrun these jerks. Freedom!

